Fixed "Build your own tool" page (#587)
eclipse-theia/theia-website: src/docs/composing_applications.md

The following properties are used to consume built-in plugins (bundled extensions):

- `theiaPluginsDir`: the relative path to deploy plugins into

> - `theiaPlugins`: the collection of plugins to download (individual plugins or extension-packs) - can point to any valid download URL (ex: Open VSX, GitHub Releases, etc.). **In the example above, replace ${downloadURL} with a link to the latest builtins pack that can be found [on openVSX](https://open-vsx.org/extension/eclipse-theia/builtin-extension-pack) (copy the link on the download button). See also [here](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/blob/a9345dab1b6ea175ec98a5bf197e56876f2d58f6/package.json#L105) for an example**

Reviewer: Don't we want to point at `master` here? https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/blob/master/package.json

Author: fixed

> - `theiaPlugins`: the collection of plugins to download (individual plugins or extension-packs) - can point to any valid download URL (ex: Open VSX, GitHub Releases, etc.). **In the example above, replace ${downloadURL} with a link to the latest builtins pack that can be found [on openVSX](https://open-vsx.org/extension/eclipse-theia/builtin-extension-pack) (copy the link on the download button). See also [here](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/blob/a9345dab1b6ea175ec98a5bf197e56876f2d58f6/package.json#L105) for an example**

Author: ```suggestion
- `theiaPlugins`: the collection of plugins to download (individual plugins or extension-packs) - can point to any valid download URL (ex: Open VSX, GitHub Releases, etc.). **In the example above, replace ${downloadURL} with a link to the latest builtins pack that can be found [on openVSX](https://open-vsx.org/extension/eclipse-theia/builtin-extension-pack) (copy the link on the download button). See also the respective section [in this file](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia/blob/master/package.json) for an example**
```
